# 描述日常安排

Today is November 6th, Sunday. It's cold and rainy today.

## an interview

Q: can you see me?
A: yes;

Q: can you hear me?
A: yes;

Q: what day is it?
A: It's sunday.

Q: what time do you usually get up on weekday?
A: I usually get up at 7:30 in the morning and go to work at 8;

Q: How do you go to work?
A: First I walk to the subway station(the subway station is near my apartment), then I go to the company by subway;

Q: what time do you go home?
A: My work starts from 9am and ends at 6pm, but I ofen go home at 7pm;

Q: what time do you go to bed?
A: After I get home, I will take a bath firstly, and I learn something about programming. I usually go to bed at 12 pm.

Q: what can you do?
A: here are things I can do:

- I can speak 3 languages;
- I can ride bike;
- I can read;
- I can write.

and here are things I cannot do:

- I cannot draw;
- I cannot drive;
- I cannot ride a horse;
- I cannot sing or dance;
- I cannot play the piano or the guitar;
- I cannot play American football;

I need to learn to drive.

Q: what is you allergic to?
A: I am allergic to flowers.

Q: where do you live?
A: I live in SZ now.

Q: do you like the weather in the city you live in?
A: not very much. It's very hot in summer. Now it's a little cold and I need to wear a coat.

Q: which season do you like?
A: I like fall, because it's not hot or cold.

Q: what do you want to do?
A: I want to buy a camera. I want to sleep all day!!!

Q: do you want to go to work.
A: No I never want to go to work!!!

Q: which colors do you like?
A: I like black and blue. And I like the color of your hair.

Q: do you like to take photos?
A: yes, that's why I want to buy a camera. Can I take a photo of you? I take a lot of photos of the sea.

Q: do you have a big family?
A: yes I have a brother and sister.

