# 讨论运动
## Play sports
Alex and Anna are talking about the weekend in the classroom.
Anna: Today is friday, we have two days off. what do you want to do tomorrow? 
Alex: I want to do play sports.
Anna:which sports do you like to play?
Alex: Running is my favorite sport. I can run very fast.
Anna: I like to run too. Let's go to the gym and run tomorrow.
Anna: The gym is open from ten o'clock to five o'clock on Saturday. We can go to the gym at ten o'clock.
Alex: Ok.
Anna gets up at 8 o'clock.She brushes her teeth and washes her face. She can cook, so she cooks noodles as breakfast. After she eats breakfast, she drinks a cup of coffee. Then she goes to the Alex's house.
Anna is in front of Alex's house and knocks the door.
Alex opens the door.
Alex: Good morning Anna. It's 9:30, the gym is not open, so we can stay at my house and wait.
Alex and Anna walk into the house.
Alex: What would you like to drink? tea or coffee.
Anna: I'd like to drink tea, thank you.
Alex gives Anna a cup of hot tea.
They are talking about a movie about running.At ten o'clock, they start to go to the gym.The gym is near the Alex's house, so they walk to it together.
At 10:10, Anna and Alex are at the gym.
They start running, but Alex runs very fast.
Anna: Wait for me Alex, I cannot run as fast as you.
Alex: Okay.
Alex starts to run slower.
They run a lot and they are tired, so they stop running and take a break.
Anna: I need to go home now, I want to take a bath.
Alex: But It's only 11:30.
Anna: It's very hot and we cannot stay outside now.
Alex: Okay, let's go home.
Alex and Anna walk to their home.
Anna: Look over there, Ben is swimming with his dog in the pool, and his cat is waiting for him next to the water.
Alex: I want to swim too, but I cannot swim.
Alex gets home at 11:45 and Anna gets home at 11:55.
It's a nice day.

Hi Tom! I am at the restaurant, and I am looking for our table. Can you see me?
Oh this photo of me isn't good. Can you take a photo of me with my cat?